Added dynamicColumnValue complex type to advanced hunting API (#21244)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/security-dynamiccolumnvalue.md

---
title: "dynamicColumnValue resource type"

> description: "Represent a dynamic column in a huntingRowResult row"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a dynamic column in a huntingRowResult row"
```

author: "mmekler"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# dynamicColumnValue resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

> Represents a dynamic column in a [row](../resources/security-huntingrowresult.md), from running an [advanced hunting query](../api/security-security-runhuntingquery.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a dynamic column in a [row](../resources/security-huntingrowresult.md), obtained through the execution of an [advanced hunting query](../api/security-security-runhuntingquery.md).
```

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None.
```

> |:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
